---
# https://vitepress.dev/reference/default-theme-home-page
layout: home

hero:
  name: "My Blog"
  text: "My life from mom to coder in several posts"
  tagline: You won't want to miss this.
  
---
5/9/24
Yesterday I found out that to my knowledge, the first person from our Cohort at school found a job. And then I found out directly after that one of the people from the cohort after me found a job. So what I am doing wrong? What do I need to do to make it so people will see value in what I have to offer. Winco is probably not going to call me back and I haven't had success in even the most simple things. Networking on LinkedIn is hard. And I know from experience that when you say something is hard- it will be hard. And I am trying really hard not to be a part of a large pity-party. But it appears like things just don't want to work in my favor. And honestly maybe its because my energy is so not there. MAYBE its because I am not meant to do this. Is that so bad to say out loud? Maybe a job like at the Ada county offices is not so bad a deal to think about. What is wrong with saying that? If I make good money and it helps my family then why does it matter? Keep grinding. Keep your head down and do the work. Keep moving forward. 

5/7/24
I wanted to write a separate entry for today because I have a very real and different issue going on through my head. I have zero money to put towards our upcoming wedding. What is interesting is why I even feel this need to make it super special and expensive (relatively). I don't know how to feel about not buying a wedding dress. I don't know how I feel about not buying flowers to decorate the cabin with or to carry down the isle. I don't know how I feel about the idea of only getting the photographer for 2 hours instead of 4 or even 6. I wanted to celebrate the entire day in photos and now I won't ber able to do that. We are already planning on cutting back on the food and the venue and all the things- and I know in my heart that none of this is super important. I know that none of this matters. I know that I have a loving man that cares for me and is doing everything for me that he can. I know that he doesn't care about the wedding and that he just wants a party. So maybe just having the restaurant for ourselves and doing it all there will be just perfect. I just wish I could dress up fancy. Cause I can. The saddest part is not being able to go to the cruise that we wanted. But a road trip will also be just as nice. Where to go? That is the next question. And for how long? We need to start thinking of these things soon because in reality, we are three months and 3 days away from our wedding. It will be here before we know it. Fast approaching. Like whoa....

5/7/24
Today we are prepping for the yard sale at the other house. I feel like I am swimming in what I have to get done and I am trying really hard not to get mentally overloaded. I also applied for two jobs today that are not related to coding, and to be honest- I am not sure how I feel about it. On one hand I want to work because I need to work. We really need the money. Do I want to work at Ada County? No. But a county job is a good job. Do I want to work for the outdoor school? Sort of- I feel like I would be good at the job but I fear that I won't be able to get that many hours. I would absolutely prefer to work outdoors however. But it most likely won't pay as much. So which do you choose? No idea. I don't even know if I will get either. So there's that too. And I don't have to work for either of these jobs forever. I can continue to try and do something that has to do with software development, because why else would I actually go to school to do this if I don't try and work in a job related to it? But the job market is really frustrating right now and I swear I just can't think about how long it will take. Its already been two months since I graduated and while I haven't been able to put my best foot forward, because I have been so busy, I know that I could possibly be something in this field. Just not sure what. So let's let things just go as they should. Whatever is meant to happen will happen. We will be ok. 

5/6/24
Today I have a lot of things going through my head. I have a lot of projects in the works, including this blog. I am hard pressed to figure out what is the most important thing to work on in any given moment and I wonder if the idea of doing things like this is distracting me from actually applying for jobs. I had this revelation the other day that I would love to merry my two loves together. My love for the outdoors and my love for the tech world. Maybe if I am lucky I can do the things I want but with a company that is centered around doing things in the outdoors. How cool would that actually be? The hard part of all this is figuring out how to get an 'in' when it comes to working for a company like that. Do I continue to pursue my outdoor career online as my @momsgoadventure personality or do I pursue it as a resume writing person who just completed school? Don't know...

5/3/24
I used to be a photographer. And by that, I mean I used to be a person that took photos of people in exchange for money. And I was a good photographer. Its too late to tell if I was a bad business person. I didn't make a ton of money doing the job. But no matter what I did, I couldn't seem to get enough business doing the things I liked to do to make enough money at it. I remember back when I began calling myself a photographer. Like, its some kind of special honor to be named the thing that you do. An accountant. Or a lawyer. If you 'do' the thing, you can be called the 'thing'. But the difference in photography and the difference in artists in general is that you can do it without making money at it. That isn't to say that an accountant or a lawyer can't do their thing without making money at doing their special thing. But with artists it is a very different subject. To sell ones 'art' is like saying you are 'good enough' to do so. And if someone else likes it enough to spend hard earned money on it, well then, you have MADE it. And whats interesting is that I completely feel like I am good at the craft of photography. I am so good at it. And yet, not many people would value it enough to spend money on it. OR at least spend money on the special kind of work that I did. So am I supposed to take that as if I am not good at photography? I shouldn't do that. And now that I don't actually make money at the thing, am I allowed to call myself that thing anymore? I mean, a photographer is only someone that takes pictures. I guess you could switch it up to say I don't do photography 'professionally' anymore. And that would be something that I could actually do. But to sit here and call myself a photographer even when I don't do it for money anymore is still hard. Why are labels so hard? 

5/3/24
The other day we got some baby chicks. The decision was hard as I got closer to the day of us actually going to buy them. We used to deal with so many chicks. I feel like I know what I am doing. But in reality, it was Jason that did it all. I may have fed them and replenished their water but I did not know that much. In my life I have had to kill a few baby chicks that didn't get out of their shell well enough or even ones that were really no good. And to be honest it was hard to do that. It was hard to accept nature for nature and let it do its thing. But last night, when one of the baby chicks wasn't doing well, I was really sad. I couldn't help but think that it was something I could have prevented from happening and that if I just new more about taking care of them, I would be able to fix the problems that she was having. And this morning I was relieved to see that she was still alive. I found a lump on her throat that I massaged and hopefully that will be the fix, right? Tell me that what I am doing will help her. Tell me that I am trying to make it better. Tell me that I am a good chicken owner. Tell me it wasn't always Jason that knew it all. Tell me. 

4/30/24
There used to be this bathroom in my childhood home that had two doors. One door to the kitchen and one door that went into my sister's room. I saw this show once where a lady was really upset that the bathroom was straight off the kitchen and therefore she didn't buy the house. I never thought that was a problem. It was easy access from the outside straight from the  mudroom to the kitchen to the bathroom when I went to play. I took baths in that room. The heater was glorious after getting out of the bath tub. I learned how to blow dry my hair in that room. I have this memory that I have retold so many times in my life where there was a frog that lived in the back of the wall that would talk to me. And one day I saw him. I was today years old when I realized that maybe, just maybe, I dreamed that story up. There is so much vivid color to that memory but now, I will never know.  

4/30/24
Do you ever do that thing where you look at something and it makes you think of something else, then your brain goes to something else and before you know it, you are lost in thought and you have no idea how you got to the thought you were on? There is this picture of my daughter I took a long time ago (when it was easier to take pictures of my kids) where she is sitting in a dance costume (or maybe its a princess dress?) on the floor near great window light. I remember asking her to sit in this particular spot do that I could take this picture. I bet she got upset with me. I am sure she didn't want to sit for this picture and I am sure she didn't enjoy it. Neither of my kids did. But then I thought of this moment in time where I took her picture and Jason was there. But he wasn't 'there'. I didn't notice him until I up0loaded that picture into Lightroom days later. And all you see are his legs. Cause yeah, he was never the main event. He was never there. I am surprised he went to this event. I bet he didn't want to go to this event. He rarely wanted to spend time with the kids. And while that may actually not be true, my memory states this. And isn't that the whole point? Perception is everything. 

4/29/24
The beginning of my journey. Heck. Where do I start? I am not sure I want anyone to see this, and I am not sure what to make this about. However, here I am giving it a try. I always feel like I am reinventing myself into something new. I always thought I knew what I wanted. Turns out I was wrong. And to say I was "wrong" is not exactly right. I thought I knew what I was doing. A friend you admire in childhood wants to be a certain thing in life. And because you have no idea what to do in your own life, you adopt her way of doing things. What she wanted was what I wanted. And for a long time, I thought that was true. I went full speed ahead with the goal of being a veterinarian. I wanted so badly to help animals that were incapable of helping themselves. I had the sad experience of being with my mom when we had to put my cat down and while it was sad- I knew this was what I wanted. As time went on, I started to experiment with the idea of what it would be like to be a vet. And as I began to volunteer more and see how the business was run, I realized that I, in fact, did not want to actually be a vet. To be the one person responsible for the health and well being for an animal when it was sick, sounded daunting. And truthfully, I was scared. Once I realized I wanted to take my career into a different direction, I decided to stop all schooling except for the things I needed to get done. I am so thankful for my step-dad who convinced me to actually still pursue my bachelor's degree in full. Even though I don't use the degree for much today, having it is something that I really value.

To be honest, I have lived a lot of my life in fear. Fear that I wouldn't do well in the vet roll, fear that no one else would love me besides the person that was loving me at the time, fear of losing friends. And as I have gotten older I have realized that the only important thing for me to do is to love myself and do for myself what I need to be happy. The only person that controls my world is me. And the only person that matters in my own happiness is me. Now, of course I love my family and I want them to help me succeed in my happiness but they are in charge of themselves and they cannot be responsible for me. The people I choose to spend my life with are the most important people to me and I alone can control how much time I give these people. How much of my energy is going to be spent on the things that I love and the people I love or just me by myself. 

So the idea of this blog is still forming and I don't know what it will turn into but I will try to add to it daily so I can keep this going - FOR ME.